let's go for a fan for here and I got
this in the mail Oh like we can kind of
guess what this is just a little while
ago as you guys know there was a Freddy
plush that dig them out and I just got
this today so let's open this up and see
what it is all about actually I don't
know we're trying to do it all right I
definitely have these procedures super
careful cuz I go up on her birthday oh
my god dude just look at that perfect to
go to my foxy flush I'm like that bad
just a circuit in stone oh why yes there
is new body for coming out super excited
about that if a tumblr account Facebook
and Twitter go check them out links in
the description i will put them down
yeah so Bonnie plush split they do put
this in each other going to open this
order the bag up
that's really adorable nice and very
soft fun that's at Freddy's sanji that's
a phrase tag at the phenomenal garnet so
his head cancel roof is a I browse can
be in any kind of thing they don't
really say in place so you can make them
do expressions confused they had that on
Twitter the other day oh my god this
thing is so adorable so we got a little
top hat there's one our ears and yes so
that's my pretty plush and let's see
let's go get foxy they for actually
ready to meet your friend so guys here's
my foxy flesh that I got earlier and
hear that you are together nice little
friends finally my foxy class has been
so lonely free for the last few months
because I got him on the fourth of july
in yeah so now they're little buddies
may start a pirate crew let's see foxy
here I already did a video on em he's
pretty Creed adorable pretty cool on
Fresno's made out of plastic some
threads helping keep them together some
of them are loose I might cut that off a
little um so I had his tie is there
let's get these strings out
they might be holding them together so
I'm just gonna say that local now you
know what I've just got a call
and there's one right here
we're doing surgery on yeah there we go
so now we have his adorable little face
so yeah guys I'm sorry guys but these
things were sold out about the day
possibly after these things were
released I'm so sorry if you guys didn't
get this this is pretty pretty darn cute
um can't wait to get Bonnie this is the
second series of their four plus trees
so yeah Thank You Santa to Santa oh my
god I cannot speak I I have like really
bad doing in fluent language as you can
see when I was reading my saying she
Freddie push the light and I was a
little bit on that but yes entry thank
you so much for the effort even winner
ordered what even when the orders were
backed up thank you so much this is so
adorable you guys are doing an excellent
job and yeah i'll be posting this on
facebook twitter instagram and yeah guys
probably there and yeah i will be making
a few videos soon this was supposed to
replace Michael Wednesday video so that
means this is what it's going to be like
today hopefully I can get this up and
download it on a computer or upload from
there and then make a thumbnail on and
ya guys thank you sang she good job they
just got coffin and yeah guys I will see
you guys in the next video scratch that
like but if you scratch the dislike
minus that like button I tax and I
forgive you and yet subscribe to join
the cloud ER and we'll see you guys in
next week peace